When I was a little girl
my mother would remind me
each night before bed
to open up my heart to God,
for he was kind,
merciful and just.
Things changed when my father
left a few years later,
leaving her to raise me
and my brothers
in a little place on the edge
of the Mojave Desert.
She never talked of
a kind and merciful God again.
Instead,
she spoke of a prophecy
of a time when all the world
would be covered in darkness,
and the fate of mankind
would be decided.
One night,
I finally got up the courage
to ask my mother
why God had changed,
why he was so mad
at his children.
"I don't know," she said,
tucking the covers around me.
"I guess he just got tired
of all the bullshit."
LEGION
Respond to an MVA
on the on-ramp of 10 East.
You're the idiot!
Goddamn animals.
Nights like this, I'd like
to take a match to this city
just so I could watch
all these motherfuckers burn.
Just a good-old-boy
barbecue, huh?
A fresh start.
That's what this place needs.
Pow. Pow. Pow.
Jesus.
Shit!
What the fuck?
Stop! Drop the bag.
Put your hands on your head.
Man down! I repeat, man down!
It's started.
There isn't much time.
Shut the fuck up
and drop the bags now!
Hands on your head.
On your head!
Turn around!
Turn the fuck around!
Don't! Let him go!
Take the shot, Burton.
Let him the fuck...
What the...
Burton!
What are you doing, Michael?
-These weren't your orders.
-What are you saying?
No, I'm following
my own orders now.
Then you will die
along with the child.
Burton,
you fucking know this guy?
What the hell are you...
You okay, Jeep?
Sorry I woke you,
Charlie.
No. It wasn't you.
He's been kicking up
a storm all night.
He must know
something I don't.
Another bad dream?
It's just stress, Jeep.
That's all.
I mean, you do
too much worrying.
About this place,
about your dad.
About me.
You're the only thing
I like to worry about.
See what I mean?
You're worried about a girl
that's eight months pregnant,
and it isn't even
your baby.
It's enough to give
anybody nightmares.
Go ahead and make fun of me.
Everybody else does.
Come on.
You know how much
I appreciate
everything that you and Bob
are doing for me.
About a month from now,
this baby's gonna have
a new family.
I'm gonna have to start
thinking about what the hell
I'm gonna do with my life.
So you're still
going through with it?
I'm not ready
to be a mama.
Christ, I can barely
take care of myself as it is.
Well, I could help you.
I mean, we could
do it together, you know?
I want to.
You gotta stop carrying
the weight of the world
on your shoulders, Jeep.
I haven't won my wings yet.
That's why I'm an angel,
Second Class.
I don't know whether
I like it very much,
being seen around with
an angel without any wings.
Oh, I've got to earn them.
- And you'll help me,
won't you?
Sure, sure.
* Don't you miss her
* Since she upped
And walked away *
Lord as my witness,
Bob, one of these days,
that thing's gonna
hit you back.
What are you
talking about, Percy?
We got a special
relationship here.
Yeah, they got names
for that kind of relationship.
* But lonely walls
* I'll keep you company
It's disgusting.
You're right.
It is disgusting.
Really, how can she go out
in public looking like that?
I don't know.
Why don't we just ask her?
No, Howard, don't.
You'll embarrass me.
Audrey, honey,
your mother was wondering
if you got dressed
this morning
with the specific intention
of showing your ass off
to the entire world.
Yeah, that's because I woke up
hoping to get double-teamed
by a couple
of meth-head truckers
in some bathroom
of a desert shithole.
It's a good thing
we got stuck here.
I feel satisfied with
that answer.
I really do.
I'm being punished
for something, I know it.
* Give me a pen and a pad
A laptop of a chalkboard
* Straight up with a tie...
* Still can't see
* Straight from the corner
Where they hustling, dealing
* Trippin' on you suckers
Like Barnum & Bailey
* And all my haters
Like to call that classic *
Shit.
"Next service in 50 miles."
Fifty miles?
* You can do this
You control this
* Save yourself 'cause I'm on
Let's do this
* Nothing to it
It's the moment... *
Merry Christmas.
What's so merry about it?
You know, that shit ain't
really good for the baby.
Guess I should think
about quitting then.
Before you quit,
could I get one from you?
You can buy
a whole pack inside.
How about I get
one from you
and give you two
from the pack
you're gonna
sell me in there?
Huh?
You know what?
I'm kind of lost.
Am I right here?
Not even close.
Son of a bitch.
Well, are there
any phones around here
that actually work?
Well, Bob will probably
let you use the diner phone
if you ask him nice.
Maybe pay him
a little something.
I think I can
handle that.
They got anything in there
to eat? Pancakes or...
Yep. Got a buttermilk
stack for $3.75.
French toast for $4
if you're into that.
Personally, I like
the pancakes, though.
You okay, Charlie?
Yeah. I'm fine.
This guy's just lost.
Who is that?
This happens
when you drive.
What? What do you
want me to do?
Talk to him.
It was supposed to be ready
two goddamn hours ago.
* Well,
you call me your baby *
It hasn't been two hours.
* When you're holdin' my hand
* Mm, how you can hurt me
* I just don't understand
Hope Salem Lights
are all right.
That's all we got left.
Charlie, where you been?
It's not a resort.
We got orders stacking up.
And you best not be
smoking again.
A girl in your condition.
Bob, you see
where I'm at right now?
Can my condition
really get any worse?
Besides,
you ain't one to talk.
What? I quit
two years ago.
Yeah? So why are
you still carrying
that fancy lighter
around for then?
It's a gift from my ex-wife.
I'm sentimental.
I wanna remember
how much I hate her guts.
Hey, man, you got
a phone I can use?
My cell phone ain't got
no reception.
The phone booth outside
is busted.
Excuse me.
Is there any news
about when our car
might be fixed?
You said your boy would
have us back on the road
two hours ago.
I gotta say,
at the rate we're going,
we'd be lucky to make it
to Scottsdale by Christmas.
Hey.
The hood's up
on this Beemer.
Does that mean anything
to you?
Yeah.
What the hell
are you working on
that's so damn important
you're not doing your job?
Nothing.
I found it under a bunch
of stuff in the storage shed.
I know how you never like
to throw anything away, so...
What are you doing?
What?
Look, Jeep,
I like Charlie. I do.
And I think it's real nice,
you giving her
a helping hand...
Leave me alone.
She's not your responsibility.
Hey.
Don't you walk away from me
when I'm talking to you.
How long you gonna
follow her around
like a little puppy dog
looking for hind tit?
You're just gonna
clean up her mess while
she steps out with
every other guy but you?
Don't say that about her!
She's not like that.
Look...
I know it doesn't
make much sense to you.
Sometimes it doesn't
make sense to me, either.
I've been having
these dreams about her.
Some of them so bad...
I wish I never
had to sleep again.
I can't explain it, Dad.
I just feel like
it's something I gotta do.
You know, your mother
thought I was crazy
for wanting to buy this place,
moving us all the way up here,
middle of nowhere.
But I just knew
it was something I had to do.
I couldn't explain it,
either, just like you.
I told your mother, "Trust me.
You just wait and see.
"When they build that
big old mall out there
"on 9 with
all them superstores,
"like they been
planning on for years,
"this place
is gonna be a gold mine."
The only problem was,
I was wrong.
They went and built
the whole damn thing
down there in Mesa County,
and I look pretty damn stupid.
And I see you making
the same damn mistake I made,
believing in something
that's never gonna happen.
Now, you listen to me, son.
It's time for you
to leave here.
I don't wanna see you
wake up one day
all old and pissed off,
realizing you're lost.
Just like everybody else
that stops here.
Now, go on. Fix that car.
I want these people
out of here by nightfall.
He's about this close
to wrapping it up.
What is wrong with you today?
I told you to
get the satellite TV,
but you didn't wanna listen.
What the hell do I need
that crap for?
The History Channel, man.
I got all the history
I can take.
That's for sure.
What's your beef now?
You don't need to be
watching this, anyway.
All right, baby.
Come on, this is
gonna be it right here.
Come on.
Clear as day.
What the hell's that?
It's, uh,
one of them test things.
Yeah, that don't
look like a test.
Hey, man,
I need to use the phone.
In the back,
past the kitchen.
Excuse me, but if this
were an actual emergency,
wouldn't they be giving us
instructions on what to do?
Percy, why don't you check out
that old radio of yours,
see if there's any news
about the TV?
11:00 a.m. tomorrow
at the courthouse, I know.
I'll be there.
Put my little man
on the phone.
Because a father's
supposed to be able
to talk to his son.
That's why.
I don't care
what your lawyer said.
I got my own lawyer.
Now, put him on
the goddamn phone.
Hello?
Your phone is breaking up.
Do you hear me?
Hello? Hello?
Shit.
Maybe there was
an earthquake.
A lot of people
could be hurt.
Not if it was centered
in the desert.
Exactly.
Could be nothing
to worry about.
So then why is the TV out?
Well, maybe it was terrorists.
Oh, God.
For crying out loud,
there's no use speculating.
Look, I'll just call
my brother up in Needles.
- He'll probably
know something.
I don't think so.
What do you mean?
I was just on the phone.
The shit cut off in the middle
of my conversation.
I want my money back.
-This is perfect.
Absolutely perfect.
-Calm down.
Hey, hey, hey.
Everybody, simmer down.
There's nothing to get
excited about.
They're probably just
working on the lines.
Besides,
Jeep's gonna have your car
fixed up quick as a jiffy.
Then you're gonna be
on your way, so...
Good.
* When the deep purple falls
* Over sleepy garden walls
Have a seat wherever
you want, ma'am.
Specials are on the board.
I already know what I want.
Okay. What'll it be?
I'll have a steak, please.
How'd you like that cooked?
Rare, if you would.
And water and no ice.
Coming right up.
-"Charlie," is it?
-Yeah.
What an unusual name
for a girl.
So they say.
Be right back
with your water.
Hello. I'm Gladys,
Gladys Foster.
Oh, hello, Gladys.
It's so nice to meet you.
I'm Sandra and this is
my husband, Howard.
What a nice-looking
young couple.
What brings you up
to these parts?
Uh, we are on our way
to Scottsdale.
But our car broke down,
and we're stuck here
while it's getting fixed.
What a nuisance.
Say, Gladys, you know,
the lines seem to be
down around here.
You know,
the phone and the TV.
And I was just
wondering if you
might have
heard something
on your way up, you know,
about what's going on.
Oh, you don't have to worry
about that, sweetheart.
It'll all be over soon.
Oh, okay.
Excuse me.
Hey. So, what are
we looking at?
I don't know.
There's probably something
wrong with the computer,
but we don't have
the gear to test it here.
Oh, shit.
They're gonna be pissed.
Just tell them we'll call
and have it towed over
to one of those
dealerships down in Harding.
Well, that's not gonna happen.
The phone's out.
-What?
-Yeah.
Oh, thank you, dear.
How far along are you?
Oh, just about there.
The father must be very proud.
I wouldn't know.
-He's...
-Out of sight, out of mind.
I see.
-So I take it
you're not married?
-No.
That's too bad.
No. Yeah,
I prefer it that way.
I don't need a man
telling me what to do.
But what about the baby?
I got it under control.
But it's gonna burn.
What'd you just say?
I said, your fucking baby's
gonna burn.
Go to hell, lady.
Fucking Jesus freak.
What happened?
All those little babies
are gonna burn.
Whoa, whoa.
Gladys.
Shut up,
you stupid fucking cunt.
All you do is complain,
complain, complain.
What?
-What? What?
-No, Howard.
-What did you just say?
-Howard. No, no, don't.
I don't know who the hell
you think you are,
but I'd like you
to apologize to my wife.
Howard!
Oh, my...
Shit.
You're all gonna fucking die.
No!
What the fuck, man?
Shoot her, Jeep!
You will never save her.
Shoot the bitch!
Shoot her!
No, no!
Somebody help me!
Somebody...
Put pressure on it!
Don't look at me like that
or your husband
will bleed to death.
Keep pressure right there.
Calm down.
Keep pressure on his neck.
Who the fuck is this old lady?
It's okay. It's okay.
Charlie.
Charlie, call 911!
Keep your eyes
on the old lady, man.
Help him.
- All right, calm down.
- Help him.
Audrey.
Careful with him.
Easy.
He'll be okay?
Howard! Breathe.
Just breathe.
How far is it
to the hospital?
Mom, how the hell
did she do that?
I don't know! I don't know!
Seventy, maybe 80 miles.
- What?
- Eighty mil...
I'm gonna get there as soon
as we can, but I can't stay.
- That's fine!
Please drive faster!
Okay.
Oh, God, please go faster.
Howard!
What the hell is that?
They're clouds!
What do you think they are?
They're not clouds.
Clouds don't buzz!
Aah! Oh, my God.
I can't believe
she was still standing
after Percy hit her
with that frying pan.
He broke her fucking neck.
I saw it. I swear I saw it.
Did you see the gun
that guy had?
What's a guy do
with a gun like that? Huh?
Hey, Jeep.
It's all right, son.
I couldn't
pull the trigger.
I froze.
I saw
what I needed to do.
I was too afraid.
She would have killed you.
She would have killed Charlie.
Hey.
You ain't got nothing
to be ashamed of.
You hear me, son?
Not everybody
can play the hero.
Especially when it comes
to pulling the trigger.
What happened?
-What's going on?
-I gotta get my Bible.
-What for?
-Somebody's gotta
start praying.
Jesus, she's burning up.
How is that possible?
She's been dead
for an hour.
I don't give a fuck
how long she's been dead.
The bitch just walked
on the ceiling.
She ain't staying in here.
The old bitch is heavy.
-Hold her up, Jeep!
-I'm trying.
Where are the flies?
How am I supposed
to know?
Are you asking me
to explain
the behavior of
a motherfucking pestilence?
Hey.
Somebody's coming.
Now what?
All right. Now we're talking.
Wait a second. L.A.P.D.?
I'm from Vegas, man.
Give me the gun.
Oh, thank God.
Charlie, wait!
Take one more step
and I'll drop you right there.
Is that how you greet
all your customers?
Mister, after what
we've been through,
you're lucky
we don't shoot you first
and greet you later.
Now, let me see them teeth.
Your teeth, goddamn it!
Let me see them!
No shark teeth, Pop.
Okay, then.
How about you
tell us your name?
Michael.
Well, I'm sorry
about that, Michael.
We had this old lady in here
who went crazy in my place.
She had these teeth.
Never seen anything like it.
Practically bit
a man in half.
What are you doing
out here, anyway?
You don't look like
any policeman I ever saw.
Even one from L.A.
But he's gotta be, right?
I mean, who the hell
would be crazy enough
to steal a cop car?
You don't know,
do you?
Don't know what?
We don't know anything.
I mean, nothing works.
The TV,
the radio, the phone.
I'm running out of time.
Now, you just
hold on there, fella.
You better start talking,
or you just get the hell
out of here.
Hold on.
Dad,
just tell him you're sorry.
Hey, hey, hey, son.
Son, now, I'm sure you don't
wanna go spilling blood
for no good reason
in front of all
these decent people now.
Now, what do you say
about just letting Bob go?
Then you can be on your way,
nice and easy.
They're here.
You're gonna need this.
-Wait, who's here?
-More like her.
What do you mean, like her?
Hold on. I don't think
that's such a good idea.
Dad, I can handle it.
He can handle it.
He doesn't have a choice.
Don't do anything brave.
-What's happening?
-You better get back inside.
Come on, Jeep.
Jeep, come on!
Everybody stay calm.
Okay, we're locked
in here, so, what the fuck
we doing now?
All right, Rambo,
you got us up here.
You mind telling us
what we're fighting?
Listen. Listen.
You hear what I'm hearing?
What the hell is that?
It sounds almost like...
Ice cream?
It can't be fucking serious,
right?
There's a safety switch
on the side of your weapon.
You won't be needing it.
Push it all the way down
two clicks.
Now, when this starts,
you hold on tight.
Otherwise, you're gonna
blow your hand off.
What the fuck are
y'all looking at me for?
-Audrey.
-Yeah.
Honey, listen.
It's the ice-cream man.
Oh, man,
he don't look that bad.
Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit.
Oh, shit!
Get ready.
Is that it?
Now! Shoot now!
They're just regular people!
Not anymore.
Keep firing.
Don't let them
get near the windows!
Where is he?
-Mom, open your eyes!
-I can't!
You have to open your eyes!
-Yes!
See what
you made me do, Mother?
No! No!
- Hold on to him.
- Dad!
Hold him. Hold him.
Grab him.
Charlie!
There you are.
Dad! Oh, my God!
We got them running.
We got them running!
-No.
-No, he's out there.
He's alive.
He's out there.
He's gone.
Are you okay?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.
Thanks.
I told you not
to do anything brave.
We got them running.
What happened?
Someone needs
to be on the roof.
-I'll go.
-Hold on.
You better start talking.
The last time
God lost faith in man,
he sent a flood.
This time, he sent
what you see outside.
Are you saying this is
the Apocalypse?
I'm saying this is
an extermination.
Those things outside
are just vessels.
They're possessed.
The weakest willed
are the easiest to turn.
Possessed by what?
Demons?
No.
By angels.
No, no, wait, wait, wait.
Hold on, son.
I don't know what book
you've been reading,
but in my version,
the angels
are the good guys.
Well, the truth, I'm afraid,
is never that simple.
Bullshit.
I'm not a pastor,
but I've never heard
of no ice-cream man
or old lady
eating raw meat,
jumping on the ceiling
with baby teeth,
so I don't know what
the fuck you talking about.
Hold on. How do you
know so much about them?
Because until last night,
I was on their side.
-So you're saying...
-Yeah. Yeah, that's right.
And yesterday
I was fucking Santa Claus.
I mean, you know
this is crazy, right?
I mean, I don't even
believe in God.
Well, that's just fine, Bob.
He doesn't believe in you,
either.
He doesn't believe
in any of this anymore.
I knew this day was coming.
I just didn't think
I'd be around to see it.
Come on, Percy.
What are we even
talking about this for?
Angels and possessed people?
It's not real! It's...
Have you looked outside, Bob?
I mean, those people aren't
exactly our regular customers.
Wait, so are you here
to protect us?
No, not you.
Her.
Me? Why me?
Because your child
is the only hope
humanity has of surviving.
Wait, wait. Wait a minute.
This can't be happening
to me.
I mean, I'm nobody.
I'm just a waitress.
I don't even own a car.
None of that matters anymore.
Either your child lives
or mankind dies.
Oh.
So we supposed
to hold those things off
till the baby gets here?
That's it.
I'm only
eight months pregnant.
This shit can't be
happening, man.
How are we supposed to
survive here for a month?
We won't have to.
It's coming soon, isn't it?
Yes.
Listen. I simply don't care
what you people believe.
And those things outside,
they don't care, either.
They just want
the child dead.
Now, this first attack
was a test of our strength.
The next will be a test
of our weakness.
Now, we can sit here
and discuss it,
or you can try and help me.
But believe me,
something much worse
is on the way.
Sons of bitches.
They're out there.
I can feel them.
So, what's with that gun?
What?
Your piece, the one
you killed Grandma with.
I don't reckon
it's for hunting buck.
I use it for protection.
Protection from what?
From people.
People?
Yeah. You know,
people that be starting shit.
Regular people
or just, like...
No.
Not "regular" regular people,
but, you know...
Oh, yeah.
Irregular people, then.
Fuck out of here, man.
I got my reasons for doing
what I do, and that's that.
I've never actually used it,
all right?
I may have flashed it
or whatever
and scared a few folks,
but never actually fired off.
Not until today.
This shit is crazy, man.
When I was a kid,
my father would sit
by my bed every night
before I went to sleep.
And he'd say to me,
"Percy, if you don't
wake up tomorrow,
"if it turns out that today
"is your last day on Earth,
"would you be proud
"of what you've done
in this life?
"Because if you ain't,
"you better start
getting square."
Fuck it.
On the house.
Thank you.
You hungry?
No.
Hell, just because
it's the end of the world,
doesn't mean
you gotta starve.
I'm just happy
they still have the gas on.
I never really
cared much for beer.
Howard was the beer drinker
in the family.
So, what did you do?
You know,
before you came here?
I was a soldier.
I was a general in his army.
Well, what changed?
What made you leave?
I was given an order
I didn't believe in.
He lost faith.
I didn't.
Well, how come
you still have faith?
I mean, it seems like
everything I have faith in
causes me
nothing but trouble.
When God chose your kind
as the object of his love,
I was the first in all heaven
to bow down before you.
My love,
my hope for mankind,
was no less than his.
But I have watched you
trample that gift.
I've watched you
kill each other
over race and greed,
waging war over dust
and rubble
and the words in old books.
And yet, in the midst
of all this darkness,
I see some people
who will not be bowed.
who will not give up,
even when they know
all hope is lost.
Some people...
who realize that being lost
is so close to being found.
I see you, Jeep.
Fifteen years old,
your mother leaves you.
Your father withdraws
from the world.
And you spend the next
five years of your young life
helping him find his way home.
You love a woman
who bears the child
of another,
and you love her
with no thought of yourself...
even though you know
she may never love you
the way you love her.
You, Jeep.
You are the reason
I still have faith.
It's almost time
for the next shift.
You question him?
I question myself.
And so should you.
Since their creation,
he has told us
only to love them.
I cannot stop.
They have brought
this judgment
upon themselves.
They are just lost.
It is our place to guide them.
It is our place to obey.
Tell me, Gabriel,
do you wish to be a son
who gives his father
what he asks for
or what he needs?
This is not your test,
Michael.
How dare you presume
to know his heart?
Because
he made this one.
And it tells me
he shouldn't lose faith now.
It's too late.
The order has been given.
The weak will turn
against the strong,
and you will undo
what has been done.
And if you defy him,
you'll anger him
for the last time.
Only if I fail.
War is coming to man, Michael,
whether you wish it or not.
The dogs of heaven
will be unleashed.
Sandra.
Howard?
Howard.
Baby, help me.
Howard!
Help me!
Please, someone help me!
Hey. Hey, what are you doing?
-Let me go.
-No.
He's alive! Let me go!
Mom. Mom,
what are you doing?
-Mom, stop!
-He's alive.
-No, he's not.
-Your father is alive.
Let go of me!
No, don't!
Come back!
Howard! Howard!
Mom. Mom, get down!
Percy?
It's my fault.
I fell asleep.
-Dad.
-Don't.
I did this.
He trusted me,
and just like your mother,
I let him down.
I let everybody down.
Here. Um, Mom,
if you take one of these,
you're gonna feel better,
okay?
This is your fault.
We were only moving
because of you.
We sacrificed everything
for you.
N-No. You...
You wanted to go.
-You said that you wanted to.
-I loved my house.
I loved my life,
and you have ruined it.
You ruined everything!
-Everything.
-Enough.
You're just gonna sit here
and torture your daughter
like this?
Can you come help me find
a station that actually works?
- No Homeland Security.
- No military response.
Wait. You guys.
Oh, my God,
I'm hearing something.
We're on our own here, people.
If you can hear my voice,
we're getting the first bits
of good news
since this Apocalypse
began nearly 48 hours ago.
A militia has formed
on the outskirts of Las Vegas
and begun to engage
those affected.
I'm getting
unconfirmed reports
of other militias gathering
in Death Valley, Zion
and Red Ridge National Parks
in the Mojave Desert.
Red Ridge. That's only
an hour up the road from here.
Does that mean we can leave?
No.
We're not going anywhere.
What?
I don't know about you,
white boy, but I gotta get
the fuck out of here.
No.
I won't risk being on the move
when the baby comes.
It's too dangerous.
Too dangerous?
What the fuck you mean,
too dangerous?
May God give us
the strength to survive
and have mercy for those
who are already lost.
Hey.
You okay?
You know, the crazy thing is,
I didn't even want this baby.
I even went
down to the clinic,
do you know that?
I remember sitting
in the waiting room,
absolutely sure
I was doing the right thing.
Then I started getting
this feeling.
Like I was...
falling into the deepest,
darkest hole imaginable.
I couldn't...
I couldn't breathe.
I couldn't speak.
I kept thinking,
"This must be
what death feels like."
And when they called my name,
I just ran.
For a long time,
I pretended I could go back
whenever I wanted.
End it like I planned.
But then I'd start getting
that damn feeling again,
and I knew
I didn't have a choice.
Somehow I knew this
had already been decided.
And it made me just...
It made me hate
this thing growing
inside of me.
You shouldn't say things
like that, Charlie.
It ain't right.
You'll get through this.
I know you will.
Why do you have so much
faith in me, Jeep, huh?
God knows I've never
given you or anybody else
a reason to.
Or is it that you
don't have any other
hard-luck cases to
follow around? Is that it?
You know, you're not
the only one who's had it
hard around here, okay?
So you let me know
when you stop
feeling sorry for yourself.
All you have
to do is this.
- No, no, I know.
It's two clicks
all the way down.
I dated a Marine last summer.
He was kind of a gun freak.
My parents hated him.
I'll bet they did.
You know,
my mom was right.
It is my fault
that we're here.
-She didn't mean that.
-No, she did.
And it's true.
The only reason
why we were moving
was because of me.
They thought that my friends
were a bad influence.
But I was the bad influence.
It's just
all really fucked up.
You know, when I was a shorty,
the only time my old man
ever gave me attention
is when I did something bad.
-So you know
what I did, right?
-What?
I got really good
at being bad.
The problem is,
when you get older,
and you have a family,
being bad is not so good
anymore.
Hey, is it over?
Are we back in business?
No. I don't think so.
You better get downstairs.
No. No, I can handle it.
-No, get downstairs.
-No, I can handle it.
Take this just in case.
Get ready.
Stay.
Wait a minute.
Kyle, are they...
Kyle.
It's a trap.
It's a trap!
They seen them coming,
and they turned the lights on!
Hey! Get back in your car!
Get back in your car!
Dad!
They're not gonna make it!
-Get back in your car!
-Back in the car!
Yeah.
Stop! Stop!
You're gonna hit them too!
What the hell is
that guy doing?
Don't open the door.
If you do, we all die.
-Please, let me go.
-Come on, I got you.
Now what?
Now what, huh?
Fooled you!
Kyle!
Damn it to hell!
Oh, God. Audrey.
You're gonna die now.
She's just a kid.
You can't just let her die.
I swear, if you don't
do something, I will.
Wait. You stay here.
Open the door.
Come on! Go!
-I'll get some water.
-Jeep.
In here! In here!
Don't be scared. I just
wanna play with your baby.
Stop! Get off of her!
Are you hurt?
Where is he? Where is he?
What the hell?
Oh, God.
It's coming.
Wait. Just because I'm a girl
does not mean
I know how to do this.
Stay calm and do exactly
as I tell you.
How do you know what to do?
What a way to bring
a child into the world.
-What the fuck is that?
-He's coming.
We need to hurry now,
Charlie.
What do you mean?
This isn't something
we can hurry.
Charlie,
I need you to push now.
You push like you've never
pushed before. Push.
-Michael, who is coming?
-Push!
How many bullets
you got left?
Come on. That's it. Good.
Charlie, you did it.
Charlie, you...
You did it.
Here's your baby.
No, it's okay.
Your baby's fine. Look.
She's all right.
Give her some time.
-Audrey.
-Hi.
Look, Mom,
we did it.
The baby's alive.
He's beautiful.
I remember when
you were a baby.
You used to look at me
just like that.
Just like that.
Audrey, I'm sorry about
what I said to you before.
I didn't mean it.
I know.
You're the most precious
thing in the world to me.
You know that.
Yeah.
It's just you and me now.
I know.
Are we safe now?
No.
But now at least the child
will have a chance to grow up.
A chance to lead the world
out of darkness.
What happens until then?
You need to
show him how.
What makes you think
I can do that?
I want to do that?
If he's so important,
why don't you take him?
Because this journey
is yours.
Something's happening.
We need to go.
The possessed can't
come near the child,
but he sent someone who can,
someone like me.
-Like you?
-Gabriel.
He's come here to do
what I wouldn't.
You were the one that was
supposed to kill the baby.
That's the order
you didn't obey.
-We need to go.
-What is he talking about?
Gather up whatever
weapons we have.
-What are you talking about?
-We need to go.
-Michael, answer me!
-Now!
The baby.
The baby was
never meant to be born.
But the future has
been unwritten.
The child lives.
And while he does,
there's still hope.
Audrey, the baby.
-Mom!
-Audrey, come. Come.
- What are you doing?
You heard
what he said.
They just want the baby.
I'm gonna give them the baby,
they're gonna let us go.
You give him back
to me right now.
Why? You didn't even want him
in the first place.
Come on, Audrey.
Audrey, come with me!
It's just one baby.
Oh, shit!
Here! Here!
No!
-Don't, Jeep! No!
-Dad!
No! The child.
Get the child out of here.
-What about you?
-Don't be afraid.
Find the prophets.
Learn to read
the instructions.
Prophets? What prophets?
What instructions?
Go!
Let's keep moving.
I knew he'd send you,
Gabriel.
You were always so eager
to please him.
Unlike you,
the rebellious son.
Your wings.
They would have
helped you now.
To not feel their burden
is a dream.
Do you think
you can defy him
and not pay the price?
The child lives.
He lives.
It doesn't matter
what happens to me.
Yours is a fool's sacrifice,
Michael.
You can help them run,
but they won't escape.
Neither will you,
my brother.
I'm not running anymore.
It's enough.
There's another way.
There is no other way.
That's enough.
Gabriel, that's enough.
You wanted to live
like one of them.
Now you'll die
Jeep.
Your arm.
The instructions.
Sorry.
We're out of business.
Hey, guys, we're here.
Okay. We need to figure out
our weapon situation.
Hopefully, Michael didn't take
everything out of the car.
Look around.
I've got a flare gun
and a couple of flares.
-Jeep.
-Duck!
Audrey, the flare gun!
Audrey.
Charlie, get down!
Get off of her!
Jeep, do it!
Do it!
Jeep.
-The baby?
-Alive.
Jeep.
Audrey?
Oh, shit.
Give me the child.
No.
Then death will
come to you both.
No!
Why do you continue
to fight, hmm?
When you know
all hope is lost?
Fuck you.
This can't be.
You've disobeyed him.
You gave him
what he asked for.
I gave him what he needed.
Do it.
Do it!
No.
I would not have
shown you such mercy.
I know.
That's why you failed him.
They're waiting.
Where are you going?
You're the true protector.
You always have been.
Will we ever
see you again?
Have faith.
When I was a little girl,
my mother spoke of a prophecy
of a time when all the world
would be covered in darkness
and the fate of mankind
would be decided.
One night, I finally
got up the courage
to ask my mother
why God was so mad
at his children.
"I don't know," she said,
tucking the covers around me.
"I guess he just got tired
of all the bullshit."